# Black Jack Game

# Description
In the game of Blackjack the player and dealer are both dealt 2 cards. One of the dealers cards is face down so you never know exactly what they have. The goal is to get as close to 21 without going over! on your turn you can decide to hit or stay. After you complete your turn and think you are close enough to 21 to beat the dealer it becomes their turn. The dealer then has to use logic programmed in to make all of their decisions. This program's decisions include whether to hit or stay which is determined by whether they are over or under the number 17.

# Technologies Used
In this code I used Eclipse, and gitHub. I utilized many different java classes including an abstract method of Hand to contain the cards each player would use. Dealer contains any logic that the dealer has to use to function as well as the deck of cards to shuffle and deal them out. The BlackJack app houses any logic for the player to input. The Deck has functions such as shuffle, list and remove. Lastly the Card creates cards by taking a suit and a rank and putting them together.

# Lessons Learned
This project was a struggle in reformating my brain. This required a lot more thought on the nitty gritty details of exactly what action who is taking and thinking about everything in finite details. My first application ran but it didn't have the objects correctly working on their own roles as it should. At first I had a player and a dealer who were both getting cards from the app and controlling their own hands and I had to go back to the drawing board and see that the dealer should hold the cards. He passes a card to the player, the player puts the card in his hand, which is an abstract different method. Then the dealer deals a card to himself. The dealer puts the card in his abstract hand, and so on! This is the level of detail I was struggling to fully understand. 